Billing & Subscription documentation (#431)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/subscription/manage.md

---
id: manage
description: Manage your Buf subscription
keywords: [Buf Schema Registry, upgrade, subscription, Professional, Team, business, pricing plan]
title: Manage your subscription
---

This page contains information on how to purchase a Buf paid subscription. It also contains information on how to
upgrade your existing subscription and update your billing information.

> You can upgrade from Buf Community to a Professional or Team. When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade from Buf Community to a Professional or Team plan. When
```

scale with a dedicated subdomain for your company and SSO. Follow these steps to create a registry for your chosen plan.

**1. Navigate to the [checkout](https://buf.build/checkout/professional/get-started)**

**2. Create account/sign in**

Sign up for a new Buf account or log in to an existing account.

**3. Configure your registry**

Select the organization or create a new one to manage the registry. This organization will manage the new registry.
Any existing members of the chosen organization will be given access to the registry. The URL for your registry will
be generated based on the selected organization name.

**4. Add payment method**

Link payment method to your organization. Your 30-day trial begins immediately, After which you will receive an email
with an estimate of the following month's charges based on usage. You will not be charged until the end of the
billing cycle after your trial ends.

**5. Confirmation**

Review configuration details before creating your registry and select **Create Registry**, it is typically available
within 30 mins after subscription.

Remember:
- Types are billed in increments of 100.

> - If the average number of Types pushed to your registry exceeds 100, you will be charged at the next tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the average number of Types pushed to your registry exceeds 100, you will be charged for each additional increment.
```

- Minimum charge of $100/month per 100 Types after the free trial.

## Registry Settings Page

Navigate to your organizations registry settings:

1. Login to the [Buf Schema Registry](https://buf.build/login)
2. Open the drop-down menu in the top-right corner of the page, select **Organizations**

> 3. Select the Organization you manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the Organization you manage
```

   :::note

>    You need to be the owner of the organization to manage its registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need to be the owner of the organization to manage its registry.
```

   :::
4. Select the registry on the left navigation panel

You can also find it with the following URL

import Syntax from "@site/src/components/Syntax";

<Syntax
title="Registry Settings URL"
examples={["buf.build/bufbuild/registry"]}
segments={[
{label: "buf.build", kind: "constant"},
{separator: "/"},
{label: "organization", kind: "variable", href: "/bsr/organization/overview"},
{separator: "/"},
{label: "registry", kind: "constant", href: "/bsr/overview#modules"},
]}
/>

### Edit Payment

Select the **Edit Payment** button, you will be taken to a checkout page where you can enter new card details.

### Usage Alerts

Buf will send an email alert to organization administrators when usage has progressed beyond the previously billed 100-Type
bucket. Additionally, you will automatically have a grace period of 1 billing cycle before you are charged a higher
amount.

> Admins can choose to be notified when usage has progressed into the next tier, based on average number of Types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins can choose to be notified when usage has progressed beyond a specified increment (e.g. 500), based on average number of Types. 
```
